README.md, before:

# 2023 Grand Challenge on Objective Quality Metrics for Volumetric Contents

This repository contains the files for building and running the container for
the Objective Quality Metrics Grand Challenge.

## Building the container

The container can be built as such:

    docker build -t grandchallenge .

After that the built container is available under the tag
`grandchallenge:latest`.

### Building the base image

Keep in mind that the image is based on the `mathworks/matlab:r2022a` image
with the `Computer Vision` and the `Statistics and Machine Learning` toolboxes
installed. To create this base image, run the following command:

    docker run --init -it -p 5902:5901 -p 6081:6080 --shm-size=512M mathworks/matlab:r2022a -vnc

Then, in a web browser, go to `http://localhost:6081` and install the required
toolboxes in a Matlab instance launched using `sudo` from a terminal. With the
container still running, tag a new image:

    docker commit --change 'ENTRYPOINT ["/bin/run.sh"]' [IMAGE_ID] grandchallenge_toolboxes:r2022a

Where `[IMAGE_ID]` is the container ID of the running Matlab container. After
that be base image can be built using the command at the beginning of this
section.

## Running the container

To run the container and obtain the results, run the following command:

    docker run -v [DATASET_DIR]:/app/dataset/ -v [MODEL_DIR]:/app/model/ grandchallenge python test.py

Where `[DATASET_DIR]` is the path to the directory containing the data set and
`[MODEL_DIR]` is the path to the directory containing the model. `DATASET_DIR`
should contain two subdirectories named `dis/` and `ref/`, containing the
distorted and reference point clouds respectively.

After the container has finished running, the results can be extracted using
the following command:

    docker cp [IMAGE_ID]:/app/results.csv results.csv

Where `[IMAGE_ID]` is the ID of the container that computed the results.

For convenience, there is also the script `run.sh`, which performs all these
steps in sequence and performs cleanup afterwards. The script can be invoked
as follows, passing in the absolute paths of the dataset directory and the
model directory:

    bash run.sh dataset_dir model_dir

After a completed run, the predictions are available in the current working
directory as `results.csv`.

Commit message:

added script to build the container

README.md, after:

# 2023 Grand Challenge on Objective Quality Metrics for Volumetric Contents

This repository contains the files for building and running the container for
the Objective Quality Metrics Grand Challenge.

## Building the container

The container can be built as such:

    docker build -t grandchallenge .

After that, the built container is available under the tag
`grandchallenge:latest`. The container can also be built and tagged by calling
the script `build.sh`:

    bash build.sh

### Building the base image

Keep in mind that the image is based on the `mathworks/matlab:r2022a` image
with the `Computer Vision` and the `Statistics and Machine Learning` toolboxes
installed. To create this base image, run the following command:

    docker run --init -it -p 5902:5901 -p 6081:6080 --shm-size=512M mathworks/matlab:r2022a -vnc

Then, in a web browser, go to `http://localhost:6081` and install the required
toolboxes in a Matlab instance launched using `sudo` from a terminal. With the
container still running, tag a new image:

    docker commit --change 'ENTRYPOINT ["/bin/run.sh"]' [IMAGE_ID] grandchallenge_toolboxes:r2022a

Where `[IMAGE_ID]` is the container ID of the running Matlab container. After
that be base image can be built using the command at the beginning of this
section.

## Running the container

To run the container and obtain the results, run the following command:

    docker run -v [DATASET_DIR]:/app/dataset/ -v [MODEL_DIR]:/app/model/ grandchallenge python test.py

Where `[DATASET_DIR]` is the path to the directory containing the data set and
`[MODEL_DIR]` is the path to the directory containing the model. `DATASET_DIR`
should contain two subdirectories named `dis/` and `ref/`, containing the
distorted and reference point clouds respectively.

After the container has finished running, the results can be extracted using
the following command:

    docker cp [IMAGE_ID]:/app/results.csv results.csv

Where `[IMAGE_ID]` is the ID of the container that computed the results.

For convenience, there is also the script `run.sh`, which performs all these
steps in sequence and performs cleanup afterwards. The script can be invoked
as follows, passing in the absolute paths of the dataset directory and the
model directory:

    bash run.sh dataset_dir model_dir

After a completed run, the predictions are available in the current working
directory as `results.csv`.
